# GhostMessage

This is an anonymous messaging app built with Next.js and Tailwind CSS. This platform allows users to send messages anonymously to each other through their public link without authentication. However, to view their public link and anonymous messages, users must register or log in to the platform.
Additionally, there is a feature for suggesting messages generated by AI to assist users when sending messages.

You can try sending a message to my public profile link: [https://ghost-message-eight.vercel.app/user/suresh](https://ghost-message-eight.vercel.app/user/suresh).

## Deployment Link
  ```bash
    https://ghost-message-eight.vercel.app
  ```

## Installation
1. Clone the repository
```bash
  git clone https://github.com/Suresh1061/GhostMessage.git
  cd GhostMessage
```

2. Install dependencies
```bash
  pnpm install
```

3. Start the development server
```bash
  pnpm run dev
```
## Authentication
- This platform allows users to register using their email, password, and a unique username.
- After registration, users must verify their account with a code sent to their email address.
- Once registration and account verification are complete, users can log in using their username or email and password.
- There is a facility for resetting passwords by sending a code to their email address.
- I have used the login facility from next-auth v5, which is provided by the Auth.js library for Next.js authentication.
- I have integrated user access routes inside the middleware file.
- I have used Zod library for validation.

## Features
- Users can send messages anonymously to each other through their public link without authentication.
- Users can view their public link and anonymous messages on their dashboard after completing registration.
- Users have control over accepting or declining messages.
- Users can suggest messages generated by AI to assist them when sending messages.

## Routing
1. **Register** (/register)
2. **Verify** (/verify/:email)
3. **Login** (/login)
4. **Forgot Password** (/forgot-password)
5. **Home** (/)
6. **Dashboard** (/dashboard)  
   - Here, users can access their public link and view anonymous messages.
7. **Send Message** (/user/:username)  
   - Here, anyone can send messages anonymously to each other and receive suggestions from AI.

## Tech Tools
- Next.js
- Tailwind CSS
- React & React dom
- MongoDB
- bcryptjs
- axios
- Auth.js
- React-hook-form
- Zod
- nodemailer
- Google Generative AI
- React-hot-toast